docs(skills): expand extxyz format documentation in dpdata-cli skill (#1036)
deepmodeling/dpdata: skills/dpdata-cli/SKILL.md

| `3dmol`                                                             | 3Dmol visualization   |

### Extended XYZ (extxyz) Format Details

The following format names are **all equivalent** and invoke the same reader/writer:

- `extxyz` — general-purpose extended XYZ
- `quip/gap/xyz` / `quip/gap/xyz_file` — QUIP/GAP framework datasets
- `mace/xyz` — MACE model training data
- `nequip/xyz` — NequIP model training data
- `gpumd/xyz` — GPUMD simulation data

> **Important:** Plain `xyz` is a **different**, simpler format that only stores coordinates without labels (energies/forces), cell information, or periodic boundary conditions. Do not confuse `xyz` with `extxyz`.

#### CLI Examples for extxyz

```bash
# Multi-frame extxyz trajectory → deepmd/npy (--multi preserves all frames)
uvx dpdata data.xyz -i extxyz -O deepmd_data -o deepmd/npy --multi

# Heterogeneous extxyz (mixed compositions) → deepmd/npy/mixed
uvx dpdata data.xyz -i extxyz -O deepmd_data -o deepmd/npy/mixed --multi

# Convert extxyz to VASP POSCAR (single-frame input only)
uvx dpdata data.xyz -i extxyz -O POSCAR -o vasp/poscar

# Convert with explicit type map (--multi for multi-frame files)

> uvx dpdata data.xyz -i extxyz -O deepmd_data -o deepmd/npy -t H C N O --multi

Reviewer: **[P2] Keep the explicit type-map example on a path that applies it**

With `--multi`, `convert()` calls `MultiSystems.from_file(..., type_map=...)`, but `MultiSystems.from_file` creates the container without that map and the extxyz per-frame loader returns each parsed dictionary unchanged. The later `sort_atom_names()` therefore infers an order instead of honoring `-t`. I reproduced the documented form with `-t C B`: both generated `type_map.raw` files still contained `B` followed by `C`. This silently defeats the example’s purpose and can leave training datasets with an unintended type order.

Until the multi-system loader applies the map, make this explicitly single-frame, where `LabeledSystem` does call `apply_type_map`:

```suggestion
# Convert a single-frame extxyz with explicit type map
uvx dpdata data.xyz -i extxyz -O deepmd_data -o deepmd/npy -t H C N O
```
